reminders for purpose of dags/include/plugins folders (#1932)
astronomer/docs: astro/develop-project.md

Changes made to the following directories in your Astro project don’t require rebuilding your project:

- `dags` (intended to be the home of your DAG code)
- `plugins` (For any custom or community Airflow plugins)

> - `include` (For any other files you'd like to include)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `include` (the storage location for additional project files)
```
